# Ethstarter

Ethstarter is a decentralized application(DApp), built over Ethereum, with an aim to provide a multifold transparent and safer project/campaign crowdfunding solution with respect to the existing centralized and hugely scammed Kickstarter system.

## How does Ethstarter makes a difference?

Ethstarter is built with the goal to bring transparency as to how the campaign/project managers are going to use the funds generated by the backers. Individuals who back the projects gain an explicit right to approve fund transfer requests. Instead of sending the funds directly to the manager of the campaign, we transparently hold the funds in a smart contract on the Ethereum blockchain.

In order to transfer a given amount from the smart contract, a manager has to create transfer request (filled with appropriate details) and a majority of the backers have to approve that request in order to transfer the funds. Hence, Ethstarter provides both transparency and a great level of control to the backers.

## Using Ethstarter

Using the DApp is quite straightforward; you can effortlessly create campaigns and back the projects that you care about at [Ethstarter](https://ethstarter-dapp.herokuapp.com/).

### Important Instructions

In order to trigger transactions so as to create and back campaign at Ethstarter, you'll require to have either the Metamask extension on your browser or a Wallet-enabled browser such as Brave running over the Ethereum's Rinkeby network. Also, please hold on for about 15-30 seconds as you create, contribute or approve, because the transactions would require that much time to be mined on the Ethereum blockchain and propagate responses back to the DApp.

> For any queries, feel free to write to me at parsh.cosmos11@gmail.com. #HappyDApping
